NOLA sequel look at how to create a final exchange with the builder methods.
So I'll go down here again and I'm going to create a bean and using the cupie core and all say fanout
exchange and inside the method I'm going to build a panel exchange using the Xchange builder.
I'll say fana the exchange and I'll provide fan out test the exchange and we have a typo there was just
fixed up for a moment.
And we have internal durability auto delete delete ignore declared exceptions.
And again with argument and with arguments as a map.
So pretty much similar to the other Xchange definitions.
The key point here is that you have to provide specific arguments for your specific exchanges.
That is basically the only difference when creating exchanges programmatically.
So let's say you want an auto delete exchange if you want it durable as false.
And we want it internal and then we're simply going to build it just like that.
Let's rerun our application and see if it's going to be created.
Our application is starting up.
And here we go.
Let's check out the logs.
And we should see that our final text exchange is created.
Let's go back to dashboard and as we can see that our final text exchange is right here.
Set the auto delete as true and internal as true since a durability is set to false just like this here.
It's not displayed there.
Simple as that.
So creating a final exchange with the builder method is pretty straightforward.
Just as we saw here.